Crowler:
I CAN'T BELIEVE JADEN
IS GOING TO BE DUEL ACADEMY'S
STUDENT REPRESENTATIVE
AT THE SCHOOL DUEL!
WHAT AN EMBARRASSMENT!
I WON'T LET IT TAKE PLACE.
NO, NO, NO, NO!
I'LL DO WHATEVER
I MUST TO STOP HIM!
HA HA HA!
WHICH BRINGS ME HERE--
TO THE SITE OF DUEL ACADEMY'S
MOST DANGEROUS SPECIMEN!
[CROWING]
OH, NOT YOU BIRDBRAINS!
[SQUAWKING]
AAH!
THIS IS SUCH
A FOWL PREDICAMENT!
I'VE GOT TO FLY
THIS COOP AND QUICK!
AH, THE SECRET ENTRANCE.
AAH!
STAY BACK! I DON'T WANT
TO RUFFLE ANY FEATHERS!
OH!
YOU'RE REALLY EGGING ME ON!
UNH!
AAH!
OK, THE YOLK'S OVER!
YOU BELONG IN A BUCKET!
AAH!
[SIGH]
IT'S JUST LIKE THEY SAY...
YOU CAN'T MAKE AN OMELET
WITHOUT BREAKING A FEW EGGS.
AND NOW IT'S TIME
TO BREAK JADEN FOR GOOD.
I MEAN, AFTER ALL...
WITH WHAT IS LURKING
IN THIS CONTAINMENT VAULT...
HE'S NOT GOING
TO STAND A CHANCE.
[BEEPING]
YOU THERE, BELOWSKI?!
IT'S YOUR OLD FRIEND
DR. CROWLER.
THERE'S A YOUNG DUELIST
I'D LIKE YOU TO MEET.
I KNOW IT'S BEEN A WHILE,
BUT I THINK HE DESERVES
A "LESSON"
FROM THE ACADEMY'S BEST!
HA HA HA!
♪ CHILLIN' OUT WITH THE CREW
IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER WORKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT CLASS
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA LEARN
HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW, LET'S GO! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! GX, GENERATION X ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
SOMEHOW, YEAH! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON
AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
Jaden:
EENIE MEENIE MINEY MOE...
CATCH A MONSTER BY THE TOE...
IF HE STINKS,
THEN LET HIM GO.
YOU KNOW, MY WATER
DRAGON WOULD BE
A FINE ADDITION
TO YOUR DECK
FOR THE SCHOOL DUEL.
THAT WATER DRAGON'S
A TOTAL WASHOUT.
YOU NEED SOMETHING
STRONG LIKE
ETOILE CYBER!
HOW 'BOUT
DES KOALA?!
YOU CAN USE
MY POWER BOND
IF YOU NEED!
WHAT I NEED
IS SOME TIME TO THINK!
THERE'S NO NEED
TO BE RUDE, JADEN.
WE'RE ONLY TRYING
TO HELP.
AFTER ALL, YOU'VE
BEEN SELECTED
AS THE ACADEMY'S
REPRESENTATIVE
AT THE SCHOOL DUEL.
THIS IS HUGE!
AND IF YOU
DON'T WIN,
IT'S GOING
TO BE A HUGE
DISAPPOINTMENT.
AW, COME ON!
LIKE THERE'S NOT ENOUGH
PRESSURE ON ME ALREADY?!
I KNOW THE SCHOOL'S
COUNTIN' ON ME!
BUT ALL I CAN DUEL
IS MY BEST!
YOU'RE ABSOLUTELY
RIGHT.
DUELING ISN'T
ABOUT TROPHIES,
IT'S ABOUT BEING
THE BEST YOU CAN!
YEAH!
AND THE BEST...
NEEDS THE POWER
OF MY WATER DRAGON
CARD!
OR POWER BOND!
OR ETOILE CYBER!
DES KOALA
ALL THE WAY!
ALL RIGHT!
THAT'S IT! NO MORE!
IF I'M EVER GONNA
ARRANGE MY DECK,
I NEED TO BE ALONE!
GOOD CALL!
LET'S LOSE
THESE GUYS!
YEAH,
TOTALLY!
JADEN!
WAIT UP!
WHY ARE WE
ALWAYS RUNNING?
I WANT TO HELP YOU
BE ALONE!
YOU CAN'T BE ALONE
ALL BY YOURSELF!
FUNNY, NO ONE'S EVER
THIS HELPFUL WHEN
I'M DOIN' MY LAUNDRY!
OH...
'SUP.
HUH? OH.
NO OFFENSE,
BUT I WAS HOPIN'
TO FIND SOME PEACE
AND QUIET.
WHAT'RE YA'
DOIN' UP HERE?
I'M UP HERE
TO DUEL YOU, JADEN!
WHO ARE YOU?!
JUS' A DUDE
WITH A DECK.
CALL ME BELOWSKI.
YOU EVER NOTICE HOW CLOUDS
LOOK LIKE DUEL MONSTERS
IF YOU LOOK
REALLY CLOSE?
WHOA!
HEY THERE, PAL...
[SQUEAKING]
WHAT IS IT?
Belowski:
NICE KURIBOH.
I HEAR THEY LIKE
BEING SCRATCHED
BEHIND THE WINGS.
WAIT.
YOU CAN SEE HIM?
OF COURSE I CAN.
AND HEAR 'IM, TOO,
THOUGH MY KURIBOHESE
IS A LIL' RUSTY.
YOU GOTTA BE
KIDDING ME.
YA KNOW, UNLESS YA
USE IT EVERY DAY...
ANYHOW, LET'S DUEL!
AGAIN
WITH THE DUELING.
HE MUST THINK
I'M EASY PICKIN'S
CUZ I'M IN RED.
RED, BLUE, YELLOW,
WHO CARES?!
THOSE ARE JUST SYMBOLS
THE MAN USES
TO TRY TO PROPAGATE
SOCIAL DIVISION!
SEE...IT'S ALL
A CONSPIRACY
OF THE POLITICAL-INDUSTRIAL
COMPLEX
TO PERMEATE THE SO-CALLED
FREE MARKET.
SURE! WHATEVS!
LET'S JUST THROW DOWN!
FAR OUT.
Syrus: JADEN!
THERE YOU ARE!
HUH?
Jaden: HEY! YOU GUYS
ARE JUST IN TIME!
Syrus: JUST IN
TIME FOR WHAT,
AND WHO'S
THAT OBELISK
OVER THERE?
INDEED.
WELL... HE'S GONNA
BE MY OPPONENT!
A DUEL?!
Alexis: A DUEL?
Crowler: POOR JADEN.
ONCE BELOWSKI USES
HIS "SPECIAL SKILLS,"
HE WON'T BE ABLE TO COMPETE
IN THE SCHOOL DUEL...
OR ANYWHERE ELSE
EVER AGAIN!
GOOD THING I PULLED
MY PROTECTIVE ARMOR
OUT OF THE CLOSET.
OTHERWISE, I'D END UP
IN THE STUPOR
THEY'RE ALL ABOUT
TO BE IN!
HA HA HA!
GET YOUR GAME ON!
YEAH, MAN,
WHATEVER.
ALL RIGHT. FIRST,
I'M GONNA SUMMON
MOKEY MOKEY
IN DEFENSE MODEY MODEY.
MOKEY MOKEY.
GOODNESS ME!
THAT'S NOT A MONSTER,
IT'S A MARSHMALLOW.
HE'S SO CUTE!
LIKE A GREAT, BIG,
FLUFFY PILLOW!
MAKES ME WANNA
TAKE A NAP!
YOU KNOW, NOW THAT
YOU MENTION IT,
ME, TOO.
[YAWN]
[THINKING]
HA! IT'S WORKING!
ALL RIGHT,
I GUESS I'LL JUST
TOSS DOWN A COUPLE
AND CHILL NOW.
MY TURN THEN.
HA!
AND WHAT A TURN IT'LL BE!
FIRST I'M SUMMONING...
ELEMENTAL HERO SPARKMAN
IN ATTACK MODE!
THEN I'LL PLAY...
THE SPELL CARD
POLYMERIZATION!
AND SINCE ELEMENTAL HEROES
AVIAN AND BURSTINATRIX
ARE ALREADY IN MY HAND,
I CAN FUSE THEM
TO CREATE...
THE ELEMENTAL HERO
FLAME WINGMAN!
WELL, BUD?!
YA STILL WANNA
DUEL ME NOW?
HA HA HA!
TOTALLY, MAN!
THOSE MONSTERS
LOOK RIGHTEOUS!
RIGHTEOUS?
THAT'S NOT
THE REACTION I WAS
HOPING FOR...
[KURIBOH SQUEAKS]
YEAH...GOOD POINT,
KURIBOH!
AN ATTACK OUGHTA
KNOCK SOME SENSE
INTO HIM!
GO, SPARKMAN!
SPARK SHOCKWAVE!
YOUR ATTACK
WILL NOT STAND, MAN!
I GOT A TRAP CARD!
IT'S CALLED
HUMAN WAVE TACTICS.
WRAP YOUR MIND
AROUND THIS:
AT THE END OF EACH TURN,
I CAN SUMMON A MONSTER
THAT'S THE SAME LEVEL
AS THE ONE THAT'S
BEEN DESTROYED.
THEY HAVE TO BE
LEVEL TWO OR BELOW,
BUT IT'S ABOUT
THE BALANCE, MAN!
THE YIN AND THE YANG!
WHATEVER THAT MEANS!
ALL I KNOW IS THAT
MY SPARKMAN'S ATTACK'S
STILL HAPPENIN'!
AND NOW,
WITH MOKEY MOKEY
OUTTA THE WAY,
FLAME WINGMAN
CAN ATTACK YOU DIRECTLY!
DUDE...
UHH!
AND NOW I'LL CALL IT
A TURN, BELOWSKI.
OH, THAT WAS VERY
UN-CHILL, DUDE!
BUT...NOW I CAN
SUMMON HAPPY LOVER
THANKS TO
HUMAN WAVE TACTICS.
AND SINCE HAPPY LOVER
LIKES TO SHARE THE LOVE,
I'LL BRING BACK
HIS BUD MOKEY MOKEY
IN ATTACK MODEY MODEY.
MOKEY MOKEY.
MOKEY MOKEY!
[GASPING]
[GROANING]
HE HAS SUCH
A CALMING PRESENCE.
MOKEY MOKEY MAKES
EVERYTHING SO CHILL.
I FEEL FUZZY
AND WARM.
[YAWN]
[CHUCKLING]
THAT'S JUST
THE BEGINNING, MAN.
NEXT, I PLAY
MOKEY MOKEY SMACKDOWN.
THEN I THINK I'LL
ATTACK YOUR SPARKMAN
WITH MY HAPPY LOVER.
WHAT FOR?!
SPARKMAN'S GOT
WAY HIGHER VOLTAGE
THAN YOUR LOVER.
I KNOW,
BUT IT'S ALL GOOD.
GO, GUSHY BURST!
MOKEY! MOKEY!
MO...KEY!
MOKEY MOKEY MOKEY!
AHH!
Alexis:
OH, WOW! LOOK AT
MOKEY MOKEY GO!
I COULD JUST
WATCH HIM FOR DAYS!
YEAH,
HE'S THE BEST.
[YAWN]
HE SURE IS!
CUZ SINCE YOUR SPARKMAN
JUST DESTROYED
A FAIRY-TYPE MONSTER,
MY MOKEY MOKEY SMACKDOWN
SPELL CARD ACTIVATES,
AND THAT RAISES
MOKEY MOKEY'S
ATTACK POINTS TO 3,000!
FAR OUT, HUH?!
POWER TO THE MOKEY MOKEY!
NO WAY!
BRILLIANT MOVE!
THAT MOKEY MOKEY
IS JUST SOMETHING ELSE!
STILL WARM AND FUZZY!
MOKEY!
MOKEY MOKEY MOKEY!
All: YOU GO,
MOKEY MOKEY!
Bastion: YES,
AND WE'RE GOING
RIGHT THERE
WITH YOU!
HA HA HA!
OH, COME ON!
JUST WHO'RE
YA' ROOTIN' FOR?!
YOU HAVE TO
ASK?!
MOKEY MOKEY!
OHH!
Belowski:
NOW WHERE WAS I?
HUH?
OH, YEAH.
I WAS ABOUT
TO HAVE MY MOKEY MOKEY
ATTACK YOUR
FLAME WINGMAN.
HUH?
AAH!
DON'T WORRY!
THE MOKEY MOKEY WAVE
IS FULL A' GOOD
VIBRATIONS!
WELL, NOT GOOD
FOR YOUR WINGMAN, THOUGH...
UHH!
MOKEY MOKEY!
WHAT'S WITH
YOU GUYS?!
Belowski:
THEY'RE FEELIN' THE MOKE!
MOKE?
THE MOKE'S
ALL ABOUT HARMONY, MAN!
AND THERE'S MORE
WHERE THAT CAME FROM.
I'M PLAYING
MYSTIK WOK!
AND JUST LIKE A SIZZLIN'
PLATE OF KUNG PAO TOFU,
MYSTIK WOK
REFILLS MY ENERGY!
A BALANCE, DUDE!
I ONLY GET LIFE POINTS
EQUAL TO THE MONSTER'S
ATTACK POINTS I SACRIFICE.
SO I'LL SACRIFICE
MOKEY MOKEY.
MOKEY!
SO THAT'S 3 GRAND
IN POINTS!
AND 'CAUSE
HAPPY LOVER'S GONE,
HUMAN WAVE TACTICS
RESTORES BALANCE
IN MY UNIVERSE!
I JUST GOTTA CHOOSE
WHICH BALANCE...
AND I'M THINKING HANIWA'S
JUST MY TYPE OF ZEN!
HANIWA?!
YEAH.
WHAT NEXT?!
Bastion:
HEY, JADEN!
HUH?
YOU GOTTA
CHILL OUT, MAN!
WHA?!
YOU'RE SURROUNDED
BY THIS NEGATIVE
ENERGY, DUDE.
YOU CAN'T BRING THAT
TO A DUEL!
WHAT?!
SING OUR MANTRA,
MAN!
MANTRA?!
All: MOKEY MOKEY!
[GROANS]
[CROWLER CHUCKLING]
I LOVE IT WHEN
A PLAN COMES TOGETHER!
THEY'RE ALL UNDER HIS SPELL!
AND SOON JADEN
WILL BE, AS WELL!
WAKE UP!
Belowski:
HA HA HA!
WHAT'D YA' DO
TO MY FRIENDS?!
FREED
THEIR MINDS, MAN!
MOKEY MOKEY!
OKEY DOKEY,
HA HA HA!
HA HA HA! WHEE!
JADEN!
I SEE YOU'VE MET ONE
OF MY FAVORITE STUDENTS--
BELOWSKI!
I JUST LOVE HIM!
WELL, WHEN I'M SAFE
FROM HIS POWERS.
UH, HIS WHAT?
Crowler:
HIS POWERS.
YOU SEE, BELOWSKI
IS A VERY SPECIAL DUELIST.
HE WAS LEFT ON THE ACADEMY'S
DOORSTEP AS A BABY...
AND QUICKLY BECAME
A MASTER DUELIST.
AS A MERE CHILD,
HE ROSE THROUGH THE RANKS
OF THE ACADEMY.
IT WAS THEN STRANGE THINGS
BEGAN TO OCCUR.
OH, YA MEAN THE WAY
HE TALKS?
BIG WHUP!
NO! I MEAN HOW
MOKEY MOKEY COMES ALIVE
WHEN HE DUELS WITH HIM.
COMES ALIVE?
POWERS AND ALL!
POWERS THAT LULL
EVERYONE AROUND HIM
INTO A LAZY DAZE,
LIKE YOUR FRIENDS!
AND SOON...LIKE YOU!
NO WONDER!
MOKEY MOKEY!
OHH...
Belowski:
IT'S COOL, MAN.
IT'S NOT LIKE THEY'RE
IN ANY KINDA DANGER
OR ANYTHING!
MOKEY MOKEY
JUST MAKES 'EM
FEEL NICE AND COZY.
INDEED.
IT ONCE MADE ALL
THE SCHOOL'S STUDENTS
FEEL THAT WAY,
AND THAT IS WHY WE
HAD TO MOVE BELOWSKI.
[BEEPING]
AND BUILD HIM
A NEW HOME--
A TITANIUM-ENCASED
HOLOGRAPHIC CHAMBER
DEEP UNDERGROUND.
YOU MEAN A JAIL!
Crowler: JAIL'S
SUCH AN UGLY WORD.
WE PREFER MANDATORY
RESTRAINT HABITAT.
IT WAS ACTUALLY
QUITE NICE INSIDE,
LIKE AN ISLAND PARADISE!
SURE IT WAS...
AND JUST LIKE
AN ISLAND,
HE WAS COMPLETELY
STRANDED THERE, HUH?
NAH, MAN,
IT'S ALL GOOD!
I JUST CHILL,
AND THEN EVERY TIME
THERE'S A STUDENT DR. C
WANTS ME TO TAKE CARE OF,
I GET TO COME OUT.
YA KNOW.
DUEL, WHATEVER.
IT'S A PRETTY
SWEET GIG.
THAT'S RIGHT!
PLUS...I GET PLENTY
A' TIME TO HANG
WITH MY MONSTER CREW
AND SPIN OUR WHEELS
AND STUFF.
AND, DUDE?
WE HAVE SOME
DEEP TALKS, TOO.
WE'RE TOTALLY
UNRAVELING THE UNIVERSE.
YOU SHOULD JOIN US!
HMM? NO, THANKS.
WE'RE GOOD HERE.
DUELING
IS OUR THING.
SO HOW 'BOUT
WE GET BACK TO IT!
HEY, THAT'S CHILL.
HA! ALL RIGHT!
I SUMMON
ELEMENTAL HERO
WILDHEART!
AND NOW...GO!
ATTACK!
NEXT UP, SPARKMAN!
LIGHT UP HIS WORLD!
AAH!
THEN I'LL THROW DOWN
A FACEDOWN TO END
MY TURN...DUDE.
YOU KNOW, YOU'RE A REAL
PARTY POOPER, MAN!
GOOD THING I GOT
HUMAN WAVE TACTICS
SO I CAN SUMMON
A NEW HAPPY LOVER.
BELOWSKI, SHOULDN'T HE
BE NODDING OFF BY NOW?!
MOKEY MOKEY IS
SUPPOSED TO DRAIN JADEN!
BUT NO! JUST LOOK!
HE'S FINE!
JUST CHECK OUT
ALL HIS FRIENDS!
WHY ISN'T JADEN
LIKE THAT?!
SEARCH ME, DUDE.
THAT'S YOUR ANSWER?!
IT'S COOL.
WATCH...I'M GONNA USE
MY POT OF GREED.
IT LETS ME DRAW
TWO MORE CARDS.
FAR OUT!
I GOT DARK FACTORY
OF MASS PRODUCTION.
IT MAY SOUND TOTALITARIAN,
BUT IT LETS ME BRING BACK
TWO MONSTERS TO MY HAND!
AND I'LL PICK
TWO MOKEY MOKEYS
SINCE I'M ALREADY
HOLDING THE THIRD.
THAT WAY I CAN
FUSE 'EM ALL TOGETHER
AND BRING OUT
THIS LITTLE FRIEND...
[DEEP VOICE]
MOKEY MOKEY.
Jaden:
"LITTLE" FRIEND?!
Jaden: WHOA.
THAT'S BIG.
YOU SAID IT, MAN!
HE'S MOKEY MOKEY KING!
NOW CHECK OUT
HIS KING WAVE!
[DEEP VOICE]
MOKEY MOKEY KING!
MOKEY.
[GROWL]
WILDHEART!
USE YOUR WILD SLASH
ON THAT THING!
MOKEY!
THAT WAS SO
TOTALLY AWESOME, MAN!
BUT THE CIRCLE
OF LIFE MUST GO ON!
FROM ONE
COMES MANY, DUDE!
AND THE KING'S
SPECIAL EFFECT BRINGS
BACK ALL 3 MOKEYS!
THAT'S JUST GREAT.
Mokeys: MOKEY!
MOKEY!
UHH!
AAH!
ALL RIGHT, MAN,
AND NOW HAPPY LOVER!
ATTACK WILDHEART!
GUSHY BURST!
MOKEY!
AW, MAN, LOOK WHAT
YOU DID TO MY LITTLE
MOKEY MOKEYS!
GOOD THING
MY SMACKDOWN CARD'S
STILL IN EFFECT, HUH?
CUZ NOW THEY ALL GET
3,000 ATTACK POINTS!
THIS IS NOT SWEET.
MOKEY MOKEY ONE,
GO GET THAT WILDHEART.
MOKEY...
MOKEY MOKEY DOS,
YOU'RE ON THE SPARKMAN.
MOKEY MOKEY!
MOKEY MOKEY MOKEY!
THAT'S ENOUGH! GO!
HERO BARRIER!
AS LONG AS I HAVE
AT LEAST ONE ELEMENTAL
HERO ON THE FIELD,
THIS TRAP CARD
LETS ME CANCEL
ONE OF YOUR MOKEY MOKEY
ATTACKS THIS TURN!
NICE MOVE, MAN!
BUT I GOT ONE MORE MOKEY!
OHH...
MOKEY MOKEY MOKEY MOKEY!
MOKEY MOKEY!
AAH!
AND NOW, CUZ
'A HUMAN WAVE TACTICS,
I'M ALLOWED TO BRING
ANOTHER HAPPY LOVER
FOR ANOTHER GO-AROUND!
PLUS, I'LL PLAY THIS
WAY COOL TRAP CARD.
IT'S CALLED GIFT
OF THE MYSTIC ELF.
'COURSE,
IT'S NOT WRAPPED...
STILL, IT'S LIKE TOTALLY
FULL 'A GOOD KARMA!
I GET 300 LIFE POINTS
FOR EACH MONSTER OUT!
OHH...
YOU'RE NOT LOOKIN'
TOO HOT.
DO YOU WANNA TAKE
A BURRITO BREAK
OR SOMETHIN'?
MAYBE LATER...
OH.
RIGHT NOW...
I'M SUMMONING
ELEMENTAL HERO
BUBBLEMAN!
WOW, MAN, I GOTTA SAY,
I'M IMPRESSED.
HOW DO YA KEEP DUELIN'
AFTER ALL WE'VE
PUT YOU THROUGH?
MOKEY.
CUZ I DON'T GIVE UP!
'SPECIALLY IN A DUEL
THIS MUCH FUN!
NAH, I'M GONNA KEEP
FIGHTIN' 'TIL THE END.
'SPECIALLY NOW
THAT BUBBLEMAN'S OUT,
CUZ IF HE'S THE ONLY ONE
ON MY FIELD WHEN SUMMONED,
I'M ALLOWED TO DRAW
TWO MORE CARDS FROM MY DECK!
AND NOW I'M GONNA ACTIVATE
ONE OF THEM--HERO HEART!
IT LETS BUBBLEMAN
ATTACK TWICE
JUST AS LONG AS I CUT
HIS ATTACK POINTS IN HALF!
OH...
NOW LET'S GET TO IT!
BUBBLEMAN,
ATTACK MOKEY MOKEY!
BUBBLE BLAST!
SO NOT COOL!
MOKEY!
YOU DID IT NOW!
SMACKDOWN ACTIVATES
AND GIVES THEM 3,000
ATTACK POINTS EACH!
THAT SOUNDS LIKE
MY KINDA FIGHT!
BUBBLEMAN, ATTACK
MOKEY MOKEY AGAIN!
HUH?!
AND NOW I'LL ACTIVATE
BUBBLE ILLUSION!
SEE, WHEN BUBBLEMAN'S
ON THE FIELD
AND I PLAY THIS,
I GET TO ACTIVATE
A TRAP CARD THAT'S
IN MY HAND!
HA! AND WHAT BETTER
TRAP CARD THAN
MIRROR GATE?
NOW ALL OF OUR MONSTERS
SWITCH SIDES!
WHAT'S YOURS IS MINE,
AND WHAT'S MINE
IS YOURS!
MOKEY!
ALL RIGHT!
GIVE 'IM A TASTE
OF HIS OWN MOKEY!
MOKEY MOKEY!
THIS IS, UH,
A BUMMER, MAN.
UHH!
MOKEY MOKEY MOKEY!
THAT'S GAME!
AND WHAT A GAME!
I ACTUALLY THOUGHT
YOU HAD ME
A FEW TIMES!
[CHUCKLING]
YEAH, BUT I DON'T
GET IT...
WHY DIDN'T YOU
TRANCE OUT?
WHY WOULD I?!
WHEN I SLEEP,
I DREAM OF DUELING!
OHHHHH...
I THINK I GET IT.
YOU LOVE DUELIN'
SO MUCH,
THE MORE MOKEY MOKEY
TRIED TO ZONK YOU OUT,
THE MORE REVVED UP
YOU GOT!
YEAH!
GOOD TO KNOW...
FOR NEXT TIME.
BUT NOW?
I NEED A NICE, LONG NAP.
HUH?
LATER!
HEY!
IS ANYONE AWAKE?!
HELLO?!
OH, COME ON!
GRRR!
OK! I WILL USE
YOUR WATER DRAGON!
OR YOUR POWER BOND.
ETOILE CYBER?
HEY, THE CLOUDS DO KINDA
LOOK LIKE DUEL MONSTERS!